I once read in a book that Guardians are some of the oldest species in Ardonia  older than even the Glacians  What were they doing though?  They nearly drowned me!  They were probably trying to figure out which Ardoni clan youre from  As their name implies they guard some of the most ancient and treasured locations from unwanted intrusion  Ataraxia must be important if it has Guardians defending it  Well I guess this is Ataraxia  Its a bit smaller than I expected but nice to be in an Ardoni city for once  So  What is it we should be looking for again?  Oh my  Its incredible!  Come on lets find a place for Timber and go check it out  Their attacks were just the beginning  The Voltaris are indeed returning and we need an army to face them  Did you not hear?  We have been gathering Ardoni and are attacking the Voltaris within a fortnight  They will threaten the clans no longer  This is bigger than that!  We need to be ready to defend all of Ardonia  Hmph you exaggerate  I am disappointed you will not join us  Let us go Hadion  I agree with what you said  My village was destroyed by the Voltaris and I know what theyre capable of  Interesting Ive never met an Ardoni without a clan before  Hubris NestorisI am Hubris Nestoris  Your turn  Im Senn this is my companion Igneous  Greetings!  A clanless Ardoni and a Magnorite  You two could work  I am recruiting for a new resistance group known as the Knights of Ardonia  And we could certainly use a Magnorite in our ranks  Thats a tempting offer  but I have some things to take care of first  The Knights of Ardonia will always be recruiting  Seek us out if the opportunity presents itself  And uh good day  What a strange fellow  So! Where to next Senn?  Well Im not quite sure what were looking for or why  IIgneous wait up!  Have you come for fresh tools?  Or do you require repairs of your own?  Thalleous?  Thalleous is my brother  GalleousI am Galleous  Although  most in this city should know that  I didnt know Thalleous had any surviving brothers  Yes I get that a lot  He never spoke about me nor I him  While he is out there adventuring and exploring  I just live the mundane life  Galleous sir  Your brother  Thalleous  is dead  He was killed in a Voltaris ambush  Was he?  I always told him to stay away from the Voltaris  But no  why listen to Galleous?  Galleous who never leaves his workshop?  And now  I am the last of my family!  I  have not seen him in many years  My brother and I never  agreed on much  But despite our differences  I am going to miss him  You must be Senn  the clanless Ardoni whom Thalleous rescued  And who might you be?  Hello sir my names Igneous!  Hes a friend  Let us take this conversation to the lower level  We will be more comfortable there  Oh lava thank goodness!  Thalleous never gave me any final words  but he did speak of this place of Ataraxia just before the ambush  I know what he would have wanted  There is a war coming that much is certain  We must prepare for it as best we can  We will not get any help from the Kingdoms with Cydonia and Karthen locked in their conflict  Ive actually always wanted to visit Karthen  Perhaps I can help with that issue?  Igneous? But weve only just arrived  Im a traveler Senn  And if I can end this conflict I may end theoppression of Magnorites everywhere  Cydonia and Karthen havethe two largest armies of Ardonia  Uniting them is a necessity  And who better than a Magnorite to do it?  Sounds good to me  It really was nice meeting you Senn  Im going to miss the only friend Ive ever had  Wait Igneous? Youre going to leave just like that?  Hey I have a short lifespan remember?  Theres not a moment to waste  A bit of patience may save you even more time my young friend  The borders of Karthen are closed and the people suspicious  However I have a contact in Cydonia who can aid you  MeridianTake this gold sail to Meridian  Aren the Fletcherand find Aren the Fletcher  Be cautious though Magnorites are not welcome in Cydonia  Thank you Galleous  I hope well see each other again Senn  I think we will  Goodbye Igneous and good luck  Im sorry Sam  What happened?  No wait wait come back!  Oh no  Were too late!  I see you have quite the appetite  I havent had much to eat since  well  since everything happened  You may feast and rest easy now  As long as you are here you will be under our protection  Thank you  Galleous  if the Voltaris were nearly wiped out in the Great War  why do you believe such drastic preparations are necessary?  Times are changing  and Thalleous knew it before the rest of us  I myself may not get around much but acquiring information has been somewhat of a specialty of mine  At this very moment  The armies of Felden have begun their war against the Necromancers  A dark shroud will soon spread across the kingdom of Felden  The Ardoni clans have called many warriors south to exact revenge on the Voltaris  and destroy them once and for all  Your friend Igneous travels to Karthen to settle a civil war between kingdoms  And most exciting of all  There have even been reports that the first Enderdragon has been hatched in over a hundred years  If we are to prevent a Second Great War  we are going to need everyone  I will gladly fight What must I do?  I will train you Senn  as Thalleous would have  Now come with me  there is something I must show you  Even though I avoided the battles and ignored my brothers warnings  part of me believed in him  I do not just make tools Senn  I have been preparing for the Voltaris in my own way  How long has it been?  One and a half centuries?  Well what are you all gawking at?! Stand firm  Our days of hiding in the shadows are at an end my brothers  Voltaris even after all this time  you do not know when to admit defeat  You traveled all this way for us  Im flattered However you should have come better prepared!  On second thought you should have come sooner!  Even your combined forces are too late to stop the coming doom!  We will soon see which of us is doomed  They call me Deathsinger  yet it was they who slaughtered my people and denied me the Prime Songs  which were rightfully mine!  Why Achillean  do they call you Tidesinger?  Because  I have united the people of Ardonia  against this nightmare you have created!  You certainly have improved your ability to wield the Songs  I wonder  what you would have done had you been given the Primes  The Prime Songs have always been your desire not mine!  I would have refused them  for no one should wield their combined power  That is what they all say  until you have felt them for yourself!  What are you doing here Ingressus?!  What sort of magic are you attempting to unleash?!  You have already lost  You are right  I have lost this war  but you have not defeated me  You are my greatest adversary Achillean  You united the clans allied with the Enderknights  and brought together an army which I could never have hoped to destroy  And you  You! Achillean  stood between me and the Prime Songs  Do you remember  who it was?  who suggested I enter the tournament in the first place?  I cannot win this war  Not now  But I will return  long after this battle is over  and I have been forgotten!  when Ardonia has grown weak  and my enemies are gone  and when you are no longer there  TO STOP ME!!