A miner  a miner!  Of course they need more miners  Theres no shortage of quilters or bakers  Nope! Nope just miners  Typical  Hello?  Another legally obligated miner here to do service!  Youve gotta be kidding me  Anyone awake around here?!  Hey!  Hm? What?  Im here for mining duty  EddyIm looking for my guard Eddy  Thats me! Eddy at your serviceeeeeee  I prepared some beverages  but I  drank most of them  Potato?  Er no thanks I ate on the way here  Oh the names Lucan by the way  Nice to meet ya Lucan my names Eddy!  Lets get started!  Basalt MinesIve been a guard here at the Basalt Mines all my life  and boy Ill tell you  I have guarded like youve never seen  My father was a guard My brother was a guard  My sister was a guard  wait I dont have a sister  and Im telling him  No you shouldnt eat spider eyes  theyre poison in one bite!  But he eats it anyway  uncle was riding a pig off a  Wait stop! Would you be quiet for a second?!  Oh  you get used to hearing strange sounds down here Lucan  I hear them all the time now  Ive got a bad feeling about this  Well be working over there on our left  I mean uhh  right  I got it!  Zombies!  Ill I need to  hold them off! Go raise the alarm!  Eddy!  What is this thing?  Sam shush!  See? Nothing happened  Come on lets take it back with us  Abbigail?  Were you out hunting again?  Mr FinchMr Finch!  Sam and I went out early to uh  catch something for dinner  Did you at least harvest the sugar cane before you left?  Yeah I got it  Im sorry Mr Finch  I was going to get it this morning  Alright  So did you catch anything?  Well we would have got a pig  if it werent for someone  Well I imagine you both are hungry  You see that pack over there?  Its full of fresh meat fruit bread and all other sorts of food  Oakendale Bought it all in Oakendale during my last trip  didnt need to hunt for it  On top of that weve got a whole season of crops of our own ready for harvest  Were farmers Abbigail  just like your parents were  Now you go get that sugar cane before it gets dark  Ill be enjoying a nice dinner in the meantime  And wwhats this you were rolling up to the house?  Oh that?  Nothing much  It was just a big purple stone  Nothing much?  Dragon StoneThis is a dragon stone Abbigail  Hhey you keep that animal away from me!  Sam!  Cut it out!  You know things like this are beyond you Abbigail  Safe travels to you both  Thalleous  I shall await your return so that we may have ourselves a proper reunion  Senn!  I expect more from you when I next see you  I will do better I promise  Farewell Osivian  Climb on up Senn  Come on Timber  we ride south with all haste  Are the undead out every night?  Not every night  not anymore  Their presence has diminished greatly over the past few generations  But you can never be too careful  Thalleous  what brought you back to Sendaria?  Events long passed  forgotten by many  The Great War?  Yes the Great War  I came back to Sendaria  for this  A Prime Song!  One of the four  Osivian had it all this time?  But he isnt a master  After the masters were targeted by the Deathsinger before The Great War  it was decided the Songs were too dangerous to remain with the masters  Mobilium Prime Osivians family has kept the Mobilium Prime secure  ever since  So where are we taking it?  I have  reason to believe that the Voltaris clan will return  and when they do  they will hunt down the Prime Songs  and destroy everything in their path  I cannot let that happen  not to the Ardoni  not to you  Im moving the Song to a safer place  Get some sleep Senn  our destination is close now  This is some grave news youve brought us  Can you describe in detail what happened in the mines?  First  I saw this  And then they came from the tunnels  Undead  using weapons and wearing armor  There have been rumors of  NecromancersNecromancers  who seek to control the undead and use them as an army  Ive heard similar stories  The undead have been attacking strategically and in greater numbers  FeldenLucan you owe the Kingdom of Felden further service  so I am tasking you to investigate the situation  What?  Me?!  I cant Im not  I just got lucky  you want me to fight Necromancers now?  Investigate  You will report back to us with your findings  Excuse me sir!  Were on the lookout for two thieves  last reported heading this way  Havent seen no one in these parts but yourself  What did they steal?  A relic from Etherea  the dragon stone  one of the few remaining in all of Ardonia  Ooh sounds valuable  Well its been all quiet here as usual  Ill be sure to let you know if I see anything  Abbigail! What are you doing?  They were coming for the stone  I know  What you think I would hand it over like that?  I can sell it for a lot more than what theyll offer  Nnow hand me the stone  Abbigail  Abbigail! Careful with that!  Everything was fine until you came in here and messed with it  You know it was through reckless actions like this  that your parents got themselves killed!