Now listen here you thieves!  Im going to report you straight to the Etherea Guard  and theyre going to  Oh shut it you old goat!  Go back inside girl  Theres no need to hurt yourself with that knife  Put the stone down  and leave  Try not to lose it again  **  Im gonna give you one last chance girl  Not bad kid  but I dont have time for this!  Youve gotta be the worst Necromancer Ive ever seen  Sorry to disappoint you but  this was just a trap!  And what were you trying to catch?!  Necromancers  like YOURSELF!  Im not a Necromancer you idiot!  Im hunting them!  So am I!  A felina?  A human  that would explain the poor eyesight  Oh my eyesight is bad?  You attacked me first!  Only because you had all this  this stuff!  What is all this?!  I was hoping to draw out the Necromancers  Necromancers arent interested in rotten flesh  youll just attract the undead  I think I may have attracted both  See my plan worked  Wait a minute  whered you go?!  Well this nights just a ton of fun  climbing trees  chased by ombies  whats next?  Hey whered you go  Quiet!  Whyd you follow me?  Other than fleeing for my life  I need your help  I can tell  Come on inside  What is all this stuff?  Dont touch anything  So  why were you after Necromancers?  Ever since I survived the attack on the Basalt Mines Ive  Wait so youre the survivor from the Basalt Mines?  You must be Lucan  What happened  what was their attack strategy like?  Woah hey look lady  I dont know anything about attack strategies  or Necromancer plots  I just got forced into this  Im not a warrior  or a hero  Im just someone trying to get by in life  and right now that means hunting Necromancers  Im surprised the leaders of Felden finally acknowledged their existence  Ive been after them for years  Perhaps  we could work together?  I  work better alone  You can stay the night but tomorrow youre on your own  Yeah  Yeah Im probably better off alone as well  Lucan?  Whered I put my map?!  You mean this old thing?  Hey gimme that!  I told you that Im hunting the Necromancers alone  Hunting with this bow?  Look we both might be more of the lone wolf type  but right now we have a common goal  We might as well use that and work together  Fine  But once we locate the Necromancer base  youre out of here  Deal  Uh?  What was your name again?  NiikaNiika  Dont slow me down Lucan  Look Senn  we are approaching Oakendale  Oakendale?  Wheres that?  ConchordWe are in Conchord  the nearest kingdom to Sendaria  What are they?  Those are Magnorites  Do not make eye contact Senn  Stay close behind me  Even capital cities can be rough  Crown PeakWe are cleared for travel to Crown Peak  Wait so were traveling further?  We must be at the end of the world by now!  Senn we have barely crossed a fifth of Ardonia  We have not even left the North  What is this place?  Thalleous where are we going?  To the other side of the world  Heart of Ardoniabeyond the Heart of Ardonia  Hold on Senn  Things might get a little bright  And aand loud  Oh youll see  Welcome to Crown Peak  Back when the Enderknights used to rule Ardonia  Crown Peak was the Enderkings seat of power  But the last king Rendor  split the world into six kingdoms after the people rebelled  Why is one flag missing?  KarthenThat would be Karthen  CydoniaNot so long ago they attacked their neighboring kingdom Cydonia  and withdrew from the union  II can tell you all about it later  nnow keep up Senn!  We are almost there  Thalleous Sendaris?  SullimanSulliman  What do you want Thalleous?!  That is a conversation best held in private  Thalleous what kind of trouble are you brewing my old friend?  Well quit standing around with a dumb look on your face and come on in  The mines are running dry  the undead have been increasing in numbers  and theres even word of a Necromancer group on the rise  Out of all this madness  youre worried about an army that disappeared  years ago?  Sulliman  if you fought the Voltaris as I once did  you would know that they are more dangerous than all these other threats combined  Yeah yeah the Great War  The wars over Thalleous  Keep your nose out of trouble kid  This here is the greatest house in Crown Peak  most expensive too  Frankly I deserve it considering all Ive had to deal with keeping my business alive  Only thing is you gotta mind the drop  twentyfive meters straight down  There was a time  when Enderknights ruled the land  and their dragons soared the skies  The Nether clashed in battles of unimaginable force  The undead were a menacing threat to be feared  and even the Ardoni clans wielded great Songs of power  That time is over  I believe that time is coming again  I need you to safeguard  a Prime Song  Can you do that for me Sulliman?  Can you safeguard this  Yes yes! Ive got it  Will that be all Thalleous?  That will be all Sulliman  Thank you for your help  Yes thats what I do  I dont trust this guy Thalleous  not one bit  He may seem difficult but  he is good at what he does  Nearly all his life he has run a blackmarket potion business without being discovered  a skill which I am counting on  Come on Senn  we have another long journey back home  I was about to send for a doctor  Youve been out all day  Easy there Abbigail  youre in no condition to be moving about just yet  The dragon stone?!  Those thieves made off with it  Dont let it trouble you  You know this is what happens when we meddle with affairs that dont concern us  Were farmers after all  No!  Wwhatd you just say?!  Im not a farmer!  Im going after that stone  If we try to alert Etherea it will be too late  but Sam and I can track them while their trail is fresh  Abbigail I forbid you to do this!  I know you do  and Im sorry!  Come on Sam!  Abbigail!!