The Felina female who was with you the other night  where is she now?  Which night are we talking about?  I get my Felina girls mixed up  Don't fool with me scum!  I want to know where  Looking for me?  As a matter of fact I was  Well here I am  Now it's my turn to ask questions!  I'm not telling you anything!  The Necromancers will soon rise  and cover the world in dark  What?! Niika!  What? You heard him  He said he wasn't going to tell us anything  Or were you enjoying his little speech?  Well what's the plan now then?  I can disguise myself with his robes  Maybe follow their tunnels back to their base?  Uhh yeah one problem  That was a human male  Might be a bit strange if a Felina female returns in his place  I'm a human male by the way  Fine Just put on the robes!  Obsidian  Where would there be obsidian in this area?  Mount TempusThe only volcano around Mount Tempus  It's hot and itchy!  It's only going to get worse inside the volcano  Great  RiversteadOh and uh take our prisoner back to the Riverstead prison while I'm away all right?  I didn't know Riverstead had a prison  Well it does  Are you sure?  Pretty darn  How do you know?  What? Nothing! It just does  I should go  Hey!  Good luck  Try not to die  I'm going to need more than luck  You should be asleep Senn  So should you  If only  A lifetime of wielding songs has had certain adverse effects on my health  Thalleous what was the Great War like?  They call it the Great War  but few things about it were great  Many lives were lost  and the Ardoni  The Ardoni were nearly brought to extinction  Did you ever meet the Tidesinger?  Oh yes We fought together on occasions  His true name was Achillean Nestoris  and he was the greatest song wielder  I have ever known  His true power however  lay in his ability to unite and lead so many diverse people and factions  And he was killed by the Deathsinger?  Nobody really knows who killed who  But yes  both were killed  When an Ardoni dies their Songs are left behind  After the battle the Songs of both the Tidesinger and the Deathsinger were found  Some people questioned what really happened  but most were just glad the war was finally over  Thalleous do you know where I'm from?  Your  parents were both killed by the Voltaris  and you were the only one of your brothers and sisters I could save  I could not raise you myself with all the traveling I did  But no one would accept a clanless child  Apart from Osivian  He raised you and cared for you  And even though you may not have been Sendaris  he named you after the clan  Senn  so you would always have a place to return to  Oh I know this is not what you wanted to hear  but perhaps the truth will help you one day  find peace  I understand  Thank you for being honest  Hurry up Grim! These animals are blowing our cover!  **  Oh not this girl again! I told you we got lost in those woods on the way out  Some shortcut you had  **  This time you deal with the girl I'll get the horses  Come on Grim quit rollin' around!  Not on my horse you idiot get your own!  CloudCloud? Here girl!  Forget the horses Grim run!  Abbigail? What's this all about?  DarleneHey Darlene  Sorry for the trouble  I was hoping to catch them before they left the woods  It's all right Abbi  Nobody's hurt and those thieves didn't make off with one of my horses  Over here Cloud!  It's been so long since you've come by Abbi  Why don't you stay for a bit?  After you've rested we can catch up with them on horseback  Thanks Darlene that'd be much appreciated  Apparently they stole some dragon stone from Etherea  When I found it in the woods they came for it  That's not just a dragon stone Abbigail  it's an ender dragon egg  No wonder they were so determined  It's an egg?  Come on you know the stories  The Enderknights used to protect the land alongside their dragons  That was years ago  Both the Enderknights and their dragons have vanished  So how did you pursuade Mr Finch to let you go on this hunt?  I didn't  I just left  About time I don't know how you managed to live with him  He may be a strict old grouch but he has looked out for me ever since my parents died  I can't just forget that  Tabora CragsTabora Crags They're going to use the ravine to stay out of Conchord's borders  This is as far as I can take you Abbi  Thanks for your help Darlene  I'll have to pay you back someday  You already helped save my horses from being stolen Abbi This is the least I could do  Be safe on your hunt  I recognie these trees We're near Sendaria right Thalleous?  That is correct  Your home is just ahead  This was quite an adventure Thalleous Thank you for having me along  I would hardly call this trip an adventure  but you are most welcome  Senn wait!