We were beginning to think you had backed out on our arrangement Jalkar  Yeah we had a few  delays along the way  **  I was informed  that you were to come alone  Your companion was not part of this agreement  Neither was the amount of trouble we ran into  I think compensation is in order  After all this is a dragon egg we're talkin' about  Have it your way mercenary  We will compensate for your extra  trouble  But your companion is not part of the deal  The Voltaris will not pay a second share  Don't worry your glowing little head about it  Grim is my problem  So how much we talkin'?  I'm sure you'll find the amount sufficient  Now  hand over the egg  I don't think so We'll be collecting the reward first thank you  Or  we could just kill you and forget the reward  ZinaidaThis could be unwise Zinaida  The mute one  I believe he is The Reaper  LucidiusShut it Lucidius  Smart man your second  The Reaper's with me has a debt to pay off  By my calculations you're outmatched  Outmatched?  Kill them!  *O*  I've always hated Ardoni and their blasted Songs  They do sell for a lot though  *D*  Well quit lookin' so happy!  Now we need to find a new buyer for this egg  Unyielding LegionCome on someone in the Unyielding Legion should be able to find us one  The two thieves  where were they heading?  I don't know  We were just sent to intercept them  Are you an Ardoni?  Never seen an Ardoni before?  Well go on then finish the job girl  Im not here to kill you  I just want the dragon egg back  They are heading northeast  Just follow the border of Conchord  Cxp  KD  Oh great!  Wait a second!  Yeah thats right  XariaI expected you would have learned by now  I presume youre the new rookie  And I imagine you havent killed the Felina girl  What happened to the undead under your control?  Theres no need to be embarrassed about failing the mission  At least you survived  However the Felina is more dangerous and resourceful than we anticipated  Well have to report this to his Lordship  Necrolord  You up there! Come with us  You up there! Come with us  We have a new mission  Senn! Wait!  Let go of me!  Whoever did this could still be here!  Wait here Senn  I will check for survivors  We have to leave now!  AtaraxiaWe will go to Ataraxia  You will be safer there  Run Senn!  Now!  Thalleous Sendaris! We meet again!  I noticed you moved the Prime Songs  I need them  Can you not see?  Look look what you made me do  I have fought against your kind for two hundred years Tygren  Whatever the Voltaris are planning  I will stop it  You wont escape this time old man