Time to put an end to this nuisance  Burn it  Oh would you look at that  My flint and steel appears to be broken  Here take mine  What's the matter rookie?!  Or should I say  traitor!  I knew it!  I knew there was something wrong about you the moment I found you  I should have let the undead kill you right then!  But perhaps this death will be more ceremonious  You will watch helplessly as everything you fought for is destroyed and burned  And after we're finished we will find the Felina and we will kill her  Perhaps well feed her to the spiders  They have quite the appetite  Wait Niika its me!  Lucan?!  All of my information is up there!  Theres no time we have to get across the river!  Hey!  Lucan wait I cant  Youre not afraid of heights but youre scared of jumping in the water?!  I cant swim!  Felinas hate water Lucan we hate  Ow watch the claws!  Dont you ever throw me in the water again!  Yeah yeah  Sorry about your tree fort  Im not worried about the tree fort  We lost all that information though  All my records my maps my notes  everything Ive learned about the Necromancers  We didnt lose all of it  That information is still with you  and with me  I found the Necrobase Niika  You were there? Where is it?  Directly under Mt Tempus  Of course!  No miner would ever go near there because of all the lava!  Its the perfect place for a hiding spot  I need to report this to Felden  I guess this is um where we part ways  I  FeloraI should accompany you to Felora  They might want some of my information as well  Not to mention you might need my help again  Cxp  KD  We have to keep going we need to get help  Slow down you moron!  Help! Somebody  My village was attacked Its not far we need to look for survivors!  Yeah we dont sell that here  You can buy a drink or get out  Anyone? Please  Watch where yer' goin!  Theyre all gone  Were not going back to Sendaria  theres nothing left for us  Thalleous spoke of Ataraxia our mission now is to find the place and figure out why he wanted us to go there  Thalleous spoke of Ataraxia our mission now is to find the place and figure out why he wanted us to go there  Thalleous spoke of Ataraxia our mission now is to find the place and figure out why he wanted us to go there  Whats going on?  One of them Magnorites is on the edge of our town  Been stirrin up trouble with the local folk  Absolute menace I tell you the lot of em  Well have you tried asking it to leave?  Like anyones dumb enough to go near that thing!  I dont think you belong here either eh?  Why dont you get that Magnorite to leave with you?  Fine I will  Oh hello there!  I hope you dont mind if I read here  It's a nice bit of shade  Not that I need any shade or anything you know  Uh well I dont mind but I think the people here want you to leave  Ah pity  Its difficult to find a place to catch up on my reading  Been forced to travel my whole life  ?Hang on would you by chance know where Ataraxia is?  Never heard of it But it appears you need a map!  But youll never find one here this town is too small  **But youll never find one here this town is too small  But youll never find one here this town is too small  and rather lacking in the educational department if I might add  Did you isnt that bothering you?  Oh no Im used to it  BiggertonHey you know what why dont we travel to Biggerton?  Its just up the road Surely they have a map available for purchase right?  Yeah getting out of here sounds like a good idea  Ill grab my horse  Oh you have a horse!  I cant ride horses because Im too heavy  But wait! We havent been introduced  IgneousMy names Igneous and you?  Senn  Itll be great to have some company on the road Senn!  You see Ive been alone for a while and have had no one to talk to  so I mostly just read books or descant with animals  but thats rarely an enjoyable experience because the animals dont actually talk back  so the conversation is often very onesided  Get down!  An enderman Dont look at it Grim  Come on!  Grim!  This job has already become far more trouble than it was worth  Lets hurry and get out of here  Oh come on Grim put your back into it!  **  Sorry mate but I cant be slowed down any more  **  **