Its really convenient that we dont need to eat or sleep but our life goes by so quickly!  Im  so even though Im still a child by most standards Im already about half way through my life!  Id love to experience everything I can but being a Magnorite born outside of Karthen is tough  You know that reminds me where are you from Senn?  Whats that?  Where are you from? Why arent you with the rest of your family?  My family is no longer around Igneous  Oh Im sorry  Theres nothing you can do to alter the past so its best not to dwell on it  Whats important is moving forward and making the most of your current situation  But I dont need to tell you! Here we are journeying to  Give me the horse now!  Oh excuse me sir  but this horse belongs to my friend Senn over here  Wwait! I didnt mean to hurt you!  I really dont know what came over me  ** I hope I didnt hurt him too much oh look!  Weve arrived at Biggerton! Come on Senn!  You are absolutely sure of this Lucan?  Yes The Necromancers are living beneath Mount Tempus  They appear to be preparing for a largescale invasion  If the Necromancers are raising an army we must strike them now  I agree  Fort ZukaLucan take this directive to Fort Zuka  We will send the armies of Felden to eradicate this threat before it has time to spread  Whatd they say?  Well theyve officially declared war on the Necromancers  We have orders to deliver a message to Fort Zuka  They actually said for both of us?  Uh yep  Looks like were stuck together for just a bit longer  So after we deliver the orders  what then?  Any plans for what comes next?  Oh I uh  I havent given it much thought  How about yourself?  I dont know either  this is what Ive been doing for years  I cant imagine it coming to an end  let alone what comes after  Cxp  KD  Maybe we can locate a map in here  **Back in the old days taverns were filled with tales of heroes and villains  People sang songs of war adventure and magic  HerobrineAnd those same people used to worry about legends such as Herobrine  Dont say his name!  Its bad luck  Sorry to interrupt but do you know where we might find a map?  MarshallWell Marshalls map shop is across the street  You should find what you're lookin for there  I havent eaten anything since yesterday could we stop here and eat first?  Oh Magnorites dont eat remember when I told you that?  Ah yes I must have missed that part  Ill just take some bread please  Got money to pay for it?  Stupid Ardoni  No money no service  Here Senn I have some gold you can borrow  Lets get your food and go  Thats right you better leave  What was that all about?  No one really trusts Magnorites  Most of us tend to be aggressive  and the whole attacking our neighbor fiasco hasnt helped our reputation  But now is not the time to digress lets go find that map!  Welcome! What can I help you with today?  Hi wed like to purchase a map of Ardonia  Alright thatll be  gold  Uh This is a map of Conchord  If you want all of Ardonia its going to cost you double  Yes we want all of Ardonia  thats what we asked for  Alright thatll be  gold  I thought you said itd be double?  Its  gold pal  Welcome to Marshalls Map Shop  weve got maps of Ardonia for the price of  gold  Wait I thought you just said it was  gold?  For you and your friend its   Now do you want to buy it or not?!  Well Senn Im truly sorry about that it might have been better if youd gone in without me  People tend to act like that once they see a Magnorite  This is ridiculous  And how are we ever going to get to Ataraxia without a map?  You can borrow mine for a moment  Really? Thank you!  We appreciate it  Merchants like to take advantage of young travelers  Are you a traveler?  For the moment  Im tracking someone  He stole an Enderdragon egg from Etherea  An Enderdragon egg?  I believe we ran into someone earlier today who had one  You did? Where?!  Not far Just northeast of Biggerton  He tried to steal our horse  Thats him!  Oh  Sorry but Ill need my map back  Did you find the place you were looking for?  I did fortunately its close by  Thanks for your help  You as well  What a nice person  shame we didnt even catch her name  Oh well! Off to Ataraxia!  Ive always wanted to see the inside of Fort Zuka  You must be Lucan!  A messenger bird flew in yesterday and alerted us of your arrival  Yeah uh that's me  I have a directive for the Captain  Right this way  KiyoshiKiyoshi?!  Fancy seeing you here Lucan  And its Captain Kiyoshi now  Well its good to see Felden is willing to promote anyone with the right father  The realm is much safer in your capable hands  And how about you then?  You talk big for someone whos been to prison more times than claws on my hands  Youve been to prison?  It was nothing  Oh Im sure he knows most of the local prisons quite well by now  But enough of these pointless insults hand over the orders from Felora  Come on Niika lets go  Hold it!  It says here Lucan youre to accompany me  in the attack  Wait what?!  Lets try to be professional about this  I dont want a criminal in my ranks any more than you want to be under my command  but orders are orders  So lets get this mission over quickly for both of our sakes  Try not to mess things up  According to the map Ataraxia should be on the other side of that mountain  I didnt notice this river though not quite sure how to cross  Huh thats funny theres no road leading to the city  Uh Senn another thing about Magnorites  just a little somethin'  umm  I dont think we can swim  Oh look at that! It's a Guardian!  Are they friendly?  I think so  Ahh! Igneous!  Ive got you Senn!  I guess theyre not so friendly after all  Its going to take more than that to take my friend!  Ah!  Senn!  Senn? SSenn?