I wish you wouldnt sit so close to the edge  Is that better?  Much better  So you never told me youve been to prison  Yeah  its not something I share often  Whatd you do?  Ehh it was  I mean it wasnt really anything  Did you kill someone?  What? No!  I just have a tendency to get into trouble alright?  Im not like Kiyoshi who knew exactly what he wanted to be all his life  I just cant see myself working a normal job  the same routine every single day  I  Im probably not making any sense  No I know what you mean  Even before I hunted the Necromancers  I never really fit in with society  I think  Hurry it up Lucan!  Were ready to sail  unless youd rather swim  Well I guess this is it  It was nice getting to know you Niika  Yeah likewise  Alright well goodbye  Be safe  Captain Kiyoshi sir!  At ease soldier  As a Felina I can understand being fearful of the oceans  Alecbut I suspect this is not what troubles you Alec  No sir Its just  defending against undead and rooting out bandits is one thing but this  This is greater  These undead are coordinated armed  and ruled by that dangerous psychopath they call the Necrolord  Ive been serving Felden ever since my grandfather was Captain of the Guard  I was half your age and expected to become the next Captain after  my father  How long have you been in the military?  Only three years sir  In those three years youve had more training than any of these Necromancer scum  When we find this Necrolord Ill kill him myself and the rest will falter  If you obey my orders and remember your training we will sail to victory today  Yes sir  Cxp KD  Unbelievable!  This is unprecedented!  All four Ardoni clans were attacked  one village each all dead Slaughtered  Not just any villages either they were after the Prime Songs  Many times has Thalleous Sendaris warned of this  and because of his efforts the Prime Songs are safe from the Voltaris for now  HadionGaladarDo not be so hasty Galadar  we are not certain this tragedy was the work of the Voltaris  It may have been bandits or the Unyielding Legion  I have also heard about a Necromancer group rising in the west  Then what will we do?  As much as it pains me I must concede with our previous judgement  We are too weak to attack and we risk too much  Long has it been an honor for us masters to light the graves of our dead  so that their markings may shine forever  But the stones we lit today did not signify the passage of elders concluding long life  Today we buried innocents? massacred by an enemy we no longer have the strength or courage to repel  Master AureliusMaster Aurelius speaks wisely  I will go forth against the Voltaris  Thalleous warned us of a Voltaris attack on the Prime Songs and the attack came  Before moving them he told me that the Voltaris were on Mount Velgrin  where they killed a companion of his Hawken  I am no master and I have no partner in life  I will do what I must to eliminate the Voltaris once and for all  What you propose would bring our clans to war  Master SiderianMaster Siderian  we face an even greater danger if we allow the Voltaris to grow in strength  Zulius KaltarisI will go with you Zulius Kaltaris  As will I brother  The only way to end this threat is to face it  The Ardoni will go to war once again  We will send word to the other clans and gather all Ardoni warriors who are willing to fight  Many years has it been since we last wielded the Songs of war  Let us hope we remember how to use them  Senn! Senn are you alright?  Yeah Im fine  What happened?  I I dont know  They just suddenly let me go  I guess were clear to pass! Come on  Wait! We dont know if its safe!  This is the last one Sam  *(*  Well were just going to have to go hunting then!  Sam!  Ive had enough of you girl!  Sam!  Sam?  Come on boy dont leave me  dont leave Sam please  No