There it is Grim if we pull this off  I'm about to become a very wealthy man  **  Hand me the schematics  come on come on hurry up!  According to these schematics  Grim what is all this?!  I asked for schematics  EthereaI specifically asked for schematics of Etherea!  **  How are we supposed to steal the stone  when we don't even know which tower it's in?!  **  Alright you don't have to shout!  You're going to get us caught  You're going to get us caught  We'll just have to do what I do best improvise  We'll just have to do what I do best improvise  We'll just have to do what I do best improvise  We'll just have to do what I do best improvise  Stick behind me  A and don't do anything stupid  **  **  Oh what are you doing now?!  **  Grim!  You don't buy from the people you're stealing from!  Now let's keep moving  Watch the entrance would ya Grim?  Watch the entrance would ya Grim?  It was redstone wired  It's IT WAS WIRED RUN!  We did it Grim!  I'm going to be rich!  Oh Grim!  Oh Grim!  YOU IDIOT!  **  Now we have to find it AGAIN before someone else does  UnderwoodThe energy trail pointed north towards Underwood  **  You're right it is heading away from Etherea  So let's get moving  SennOh! Are you alright Senn?    Uh yeah! Yeah I'm fine!  That's not fair!  Do you think the undead fight fair?  Or the Nether?  Or the many other dangers out in the world?  And how are we going to get out there?  One day we will  somehow!  Ria SendarisRia Sendaris?  Yes?  I made you something  SendariaIt's not the most beautiful weapon in Sendaria but  Senn this is incredible!  I love it!  If father sees this he's going to take it away  Then I'll make you another one  Wanna try it out?  Of course!  But now I'm going to destroy you  with a weapon like this!  with a weapon like this!  Thalleous?!  Our strength comes from not the power of our weapons  but rather how we choose to wield  but rather how we choose to wield  what power we have been given  Is this weapon your handiwork Senn?  Yes Yes it is  Your arrival is most welcome Ky'Thalleous  but unexpected all the same  It was unexpected events which have lead me here  It is good to see you both  ?Is Ria still besting you?   No Yes     It is a fine blade Senn  Thank you!  TimberHello Timber!  You're father  would not approve of this training  I know  And he definitely would not want you to have  what I am about to give you  A a also  you cannot tell anyone about this  What did you bring us?!  Songs? for us?!  In the old days it was common for Ardoni  In the old days it was common for Ardoni  of your age to wield Songs  It is our unique ability to harness their power  To deny their usage is to  deny the very thing that makes us Ardoni  Will you teach us how to use them?  Patience young ones  First I have some very important business to take care of    Now remember  Osivian you cannot let Osivian know about  Thalleous? Is that you?  Thalleous? Is that you?  Oosivian!  Oosivian!  Apologies uh for arriving uninvited  Thalleous Sendaria is your home  Thalleous Sendaria is your home  You are always welcome here  But you two  But you two  I specifically told you to stay away from each other!  Ria you have too many responsibilities to go  gallivanting off seeking danger!  I know  Because I'm "one of the few surviving female Ardoni"  You've told me before  And Senn  I wish you would respect my wishes  I raised you as a member of this clan  even though by blood you are not  Alright Osivian I think they have heard enough for today  I have matters of great urgency to discuss with you  Then best we head inside  You two  go back to your rooms and remain there until I summon you  go back to your rooms and remain there until I summon you  MarcusLucanAlright Lucan since you continue to show good behavior  and your crimes were  once again minor  we're going to accelerate your release  So that explains the cake!  A celebration  Don't touch my cake  There is one condition  Basalt CoastYou're being assigned to mining duty near the Basalt Coast  Mining duty?!  You sure that paper doesn't read milling duty?    Guess not  So mining duty huh?  You mean underground where the undead are?  You'll be protected by a guard like every other miner  There's no need to worry  Im feeling much safer here in jail actually  Say what about road repair duty?  Say what about road repair duty?  Or home animal domestica  Well this isn't a request it's an assignment  Well this isn't a request it's an assignment  You know how things are  mines running dry resources gettin scarce  mines running dry resources gettin scarce  Were being forced to mine deeper into  the dangers that lurk below  nengIf you wanted to kill me  nengwe could have just gone with an execution!  Ria what are you doing?  XDWhat? Nothing  XDWhat are you doing here?  XDNothing  Senn  Senn  Osivian is right about some things  What do you mean?  Im one of the few remaining female Ardoni  and youre clanless  Well never be going on cray adventures like the stories Thalleous tells  Here youll probably want this back  Here youll probably want this back  It was meant for you Ria  Keep it  They were Voltaris at least seven of them  They were Voltaris at least seven of them  I have reported this to the masters  but they refuse to take action  And why would they listen?  You have spoken about the Voltaris and their return for the last hundred years  Without evidence your words can only fall on deaf ears  I understand which is why I am not here to raise an army  I understand which is why I am not here to raise an army  If I cannot convince you  If I cannot convince you  all I can do is prepare  Someone is listening  Someone is listening  Thalleous!  Senn!  This is the second time today youve disobeyed me  How much did you overhear?  Nothing I was just passing by  Nothing I was just passing by  You were supposed to stay in your room!  You were supposed to stay in your room!  I believe a stricter punishment is in order  No that will not be necessary Osivian  I will take him with me on my journey  and discipline him myself  and discipline him myself  I expect an improvement in your attitude when you return Senn  Take him back to his room  and make sure he gets there this time  Im really going to travel with you?  How far are we going? What should I bring?  How far are we going? What should I bring?  Do I need a sword    Ria would have wanted to come  Perhaps another time  Now get some sleep  Now get some sleep  we have a long journey ahead of us  Ardonia is a large world and full of surprises  Ardonia is a large world and full of surprises  Ardonia is a large world and full of surprises  AbbigailSamWhat is it Sam?  I hope its better than tomorrows breakfast because you just